Julius Caesar had conquered every army that had come his way. He only encountered success on the battlefield,
 and with the capture of King Vercingetorix at the Battle of Alesia, the last resistance against the Roman
onslaught had been quenched. The rest of Gaul fell quickly, resulting in great riches for the Roman Republic.
Caesar was hailed as a genius, unaparalleled on the battlefiled. However, the senate grew uneasy with Caesar's 
growing influence, which threatened their own power and the order of the republic. Fearing that Caesar would 
eventually set his sights on Rome itself and crown himself emperor, the senate summoned Caesar back to Rome before
the end of the Gallic campaign in order to keep an eye on him. They specified that he was to return by himself, without
his army. Caesar, well-aware of the situation that he was in, made a decision. He marched his army towards Rome. The Senate,
growing fearful and aware of Caesar's intentions, issued one last ultimatum, "leave your army behind the Rubicon, and you will
not be branded a traitor." The Rubicon was a river in Northern Italy, long considered to be the border between the civilized 
Romans and the barbaric tribes that lay ahead. Crossing the Rubicon meant marching on Rome itself, and once crossed, there
was no going back. "Alea iacta est" said Caesar, or "the die have been cast" as he ordered his men to cross the Rubicon...

As his army was about to cross the Rubicon river, one of his men said, "General, I'm not too sure about this." Caesar
replied, "What do you mean?" "I'm just saying. I don't know if me or the other men can do this," he explained.
Caesar squints and looks at him intensely, "Little (the man's name), I need you to tell me exactly why."
"Well, I didn't want to tell you...but you see, I just got these new leather boots and I really don't want them
to get wet and dirty. Is there a different way we can do this?" Little explained. All the other men nod in agreement.
"We just bought these new boots, sir. Can you please show some sympathy?" said another man.

cesar spat on Little's shoe. "there, I broke the seal now cross the river 
before i stain your boots with blood". The men begrudgingly crossed the river, 
except for Brutus. Ceasar looked at him and said, "et tu Brute !?". Brutus 
unsheethed his sword and said " for my shoes!" as he charged toward Ceasar.

Brutus, not wishing to kick up too much dust and thus ruin the shine of his 
boots, charged at a snail's pace towards Caesar. Caesar let out a yawn and 
stepped several feet into the river, then spoke to Brutus. "Do you still wish 
to come to me Brutus? Is your loyalty to your footwear stronger than to your
leader?" Beaten, Brutus sheathed his sword. "I understand your love for your
boots and shall spare them this one time," said Caesar, "But if those boots
get in the way of our conquest, there will be great reprocussions." Ceasar
then reached into his pocket and took out his mobile phone. "Jeeves, bring up
the yacht," said Caesar. Not a minute later, a giant white vessel with built 
in wifi and its own restaurant pulled up to the shore. The entire army cried 
out in joyous song as their crossed the Rubicon in style, munching on a wide
assortment of snacks and baked goods. With full stomachs and shiny boots, they 
continued towards Rome

The senators and counsuls in Rome, hearing of Caesar's advance, quickly fled
to Greece and Caesar marched into Rome with little resistance. With no one
left to challenge him, he declared himself first emperor of Rome and claimed
all power for himself.

